welcome to the siam and you tube
alexis good viewing iomega selection
day we find ourselves to reveal ourselves
today we find ourselves for a pack
opening today will be less not
girlfriend special team of the weak 3,4
pardon so a so here I am you
proposes to watch the video
so I redo some too because I have a
little messed up in the origin in the real
video
so here I do it again even there you can
messed up but here's anyway I hope cd
we will please you on this I leave you
simply with the reactions and
the packs first pack go hop
griezmann on the pack to guy crisis despite
this evil you give me something
I read that falcao as a good player I
know it's a bit long I do not have
does these two titans even the application
is a happy man
ok that's good but rld to cure not
we are heating alvarez balantas it's a
dough very good tone heats stuff from
sea ​​of times finally often waves is
went to me what is boring sic himself
slow down ok it's seguin shit
shit is shit
so we at avram vargas - morgan it can
keep
artistic team mariner and who has
stocks pretty well so here I go
the escip somewhere else and ballack wade they
so appear to let regret that
do not go out when they pay two
perfect debuchy shih it's not bad
polak gaboulov station so debuchy of
hockey they already leave to 4000 to
auction so it's really pretty good
it does not refund the pack but here at
what are we going to store in our continuous
with a next pack go tim howard
on pack I want to nab the booster
do not bet yet chopin only mouth on
skie omc and kostas yeah ok it's not a
crazy thing he could have omc
and why not say that it is null to
the ab at the ba yes yes I'm wrong
no to the bass on the pack you give me
something we ski ok shit guys
I hope at least a little boost
riga a little boost that would do a lot
pleasure and this is robben but big
tricks of madness on them brief to gi oh no
but not saying you beck's not it
good good valuable that web application has
buggy we will go there and in the blind
hop we will restart a pack go here
it works ok thank you
but what is this pack so here are the
gloves will discover together our players
hoping it works ok so
trashorras this cat it helps
and griezmann ovid shocked bombay ya not
bad stats
yes my english sega shit at the base on
pack alaba please to over there
but seriously give me good
players
short go it's gone oh but if but
if you're on it then but if you're in
the pack the guy who's going he'll give me
badly chiranuch to have not finished yes not
wrong
finally short players finally yes shit ah
I had a ditch to threaten by seven beds
and well yes, van millet
credit yes here
45000 easter credit so we are
arrived a little more than half of the cases
the seals but if we go skip I know
we see what we prefer to ski peace on
we are hungry for math gains but
it's gone to the slaughter on the pack at the
bat I'm getting a good player give
I do not know me
lacazette boulou struys a good player
ion skipped to shit math that's it
is it gone asa give me fucking
boost I never had on siph a
that it's gone
montoya go but if but if but if you
we like the sup
damn but give me something
seriously down there you give it a good
player
you're interested you really landed ok
thank you for your kind of shit christmas from
easter to open guys so we're going
try to chopin you journal these two
packs way itunes and where we go like this
I have god beginning of the video guys
I was at the beginning of the video
wil here we all agree
guys we all agree and how much
you are worth what has been good is Montreuil
what you want here are there there
oulala guy my brother is the kif
oh there there he goes since to civilians
this is life oh how much do they need
are going to lead hardly to the whores
web and at 288 credit is what now
ah and yes ras royce mtu transfer the ispo
dad yes I'm happy it's not seen
because you see not brief I got
rice and hans that do not tie and shit
agree to webteam godard good sociedad
I fight the balls with a
music that driss manhwa kepu della
so Bella and Gaza makes pleasure to evil
and see what we got in this open pack
in great gig in idem what's dad
oh guys, it's nice to have guys
it is extremely pleasant
and here are the guys are sold there 200 be
270 miles for eye and this seventeen
a thousand for whom reads so the guys so dems
and I saw its price that's why I
should fast here but the whore
Guys it makes me happy I'm two
hundred is 178 miles I 'm 180 me
credit on this pack opening because I was going
100000 credit just before that
is engraving pleasure anyway I hope
that it not as a single goal will you have
the more I intend to send this pack opening to
three community channels that are
the atari gaming monday 6 a as well as the
fifa me wrong
hoping they my mates I
thanks for moving forward so here I hope in
any case that this video will have pleased you
with a draw to a small Russian agro and
270000 credit guys so here I am
finished on 272 would apply said I think
make me a team and do a little bit
know me buying resale on my home i
tell you next time it was the team
us